Updates docs on FPS overlay, clarifies explanations (#2324)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/evaluate-performance/index.md

   ![CPU throttle.](../media/evaluate-performance-performance-capture-settings.msft.png)

> 

Reviewer: Change:
Click **Capture Settings** 
to:
Click **Capture settings**

tooltip is lowercase

Author: Fixed in latest commit; thanks!

>    If you want to ensure that pages work well on low-end mobile devices, set CPU Throttling to **6x slowdown**.  The demo doesn't work well with 6x slowdown, so it just uses 4x slowdown for instructional purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want to ensure that pages work well on low-end mobile devices, set **CPU** to **6x slowdown**.  The demo doesn't work well with 6x slowdown, so it just uses 4x slowdown for instructional purposes.
```
Either write in terms of UI labels, or regular words (ie lowercase):
set **CPU** to **6x slowdown**.
set CPU throttling to **6x slowdown**.

### Set up the demo

The following section lets you customize the demo to make sure that your experience is relatively consistent with the screenshots and descriptions.

1. Click the **Add 10** button until the blue icons move noticeably slower than before.  On a high-end machine, you can click it about 20 times.

1. Click **Optimize**.  The blue icons should move faster and more smoothly.

1. To better display a difference between the optimized and un-optimized versions, click the **Subtract 10** button a few times and try again.  If you add too many blue icons, you might max out the CPU, and then you might not observe a major difference in the results for the two versions.

> 1. Click **Un-Optimize**.  The blue icons should move slower and with more sluggishness again.

Reviewer: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/should-vs-must - "Don't use should to indicate probability."
Whether to say 'should' is somewhat a matter of technical judgment, of degree of likelihood.

Author: That's fine; we can stet this. Thanks.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Analyze the results

Once you have a recording of the page's performance, you can assess the page's performance and find the cause of any performance issues.

1. The **CPU** chart is displayed along the top.  The colors in the **CPU** chart correspond to the colors in the **Summary** panel, at the bottom of the **Performance** tool.  The **CPU** chart shows that these regions make up a large area, meaning that the CPU was maxed out during the recording.  Whenever the CPU is maxed out for long periods, that's an indicator that the page is not performing well.

   ![The CPU chart and Summary panel.](../media/evaluate-performance-performance-cpu-chart.msft.png)

1. Hover over the **CPU** or **NET** charts.  DevTools shows a screenshot of the page at that point in time.  Move your mouse left and right to replay the recording.  The action is called _scrubbing_, and it's useful for manually analyzing the progression of the performance recording.

   ![Hover on a frame.](../media/evaluate-performance-performance-frame-hover.msft.png)

#### Bonus: Open the Frame Rendering Stats overlay

> Another handy tool is the **Frame Rendering Stats** overlay, which provides real-time estimates for FPS as the page runs. The **Frame Rendering Stats** overlay is not required for this tutorial but may provide helpful insight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another handy tool is the **Frame Rendering Stats** overlay, which provides real-time estimates for FPS as the page runs. The **Frame Rendering Stats** overlay isn't required for this tutorial, but may provide helpful insight.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/word-choice/use-contractions
There are some exceptions: when a point needs to be made forcefully, as in technical API Ref, or legal-type pages, sometimes avoid contraction.

Author: No strong preference on the contraction. However, I do think the comma should be removed as in the initial commit because what follows it is not an independent clause.

Reviewer: I don't have a Resolve Comment button.  Please click Resolve Comment as appropriate on my comment threads.  A thread can always be reopened if needed.

1. In DevTools, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Shift`+`P` (macOS) to open the **Command Menu**.

1. Start typing `Rendering` in the **Command Menu** and click **Show Rendering**.

1. In the **Rendering** tool, turn on **Frame Rendering Stats**.  A new overlay appears in the top-left of your webpage.

   ![The FPS overlay.](../media/evaluate-performance-fps-meter-overlay.msft.png)

> 1. Turn off **Frame Rendering Stats** by deselecting the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clear the **Frame Rendering Stats** checkbox.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/check-checkbox-check-mark

Author: ```suggestion
1. When you are done reviewing the FPS data, clear the **Frame Rendering Stats** checkbox to hide the overlay.
```
This helps indicate that hiding the overlay is an optional step based on the user's preference and not required to complete the tutorial.

Reviewer: ok.  I don't have a Resolve Conversation button, please click that button as appropriate.  I don't have a Commit button.

   ![The Main section.](../media/evaluate-performance-performance-main.msft.png)

> 1. There are a lot of data in the recording.  To zoom into a portion of the recording, click, hold, and drag your cursor over the **Overview**, which is the section that includes the **CPU** and **NET** charts.  The **Main** section and **Summary** panel only display information for the selected portion of the recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There is a lot of data in the recording.  To zoom into a portion of the recording, drag the **Overview**, which is the section that includes the **CPU** and **NET** charts.  The **Main** section and **Summary** panel only display information for the selected portion of the recording.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/d/drag-and-drop - "Don't use click and drag."
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/describing-interactions-with-ui - 
See **Move, drag** row

   ![Zoom into a section.](../media/evaluate-performance-performance-main-zoomed.msft.png)

>    Another way to change the selected area is to put focus on the **Main** section, click the background or an event, and press `W` to zoom in, `A` to zoom out, `S` to move selection left, or `D` to move selection right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Another way to change the selected area is to put focus on the **Main** section, click the background or an event, and press `W` to zoom in, `S` to zoom out, `A` to move selection left, or `D` to move selection right.
```

> 1. Select a **Animation Frame Fired** event.  When a red triangle is displayed at the top right of an event, it's a warning that there may be an issue related to the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select an **Animation Frame Fired** event.  When a red triangle is displayed at the top right of an event, it's a warning that there might be an issue related to the event.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/can-may - very much an area of judgment.  'may' seems ok, and is often used in this repo, but I'd probably write 'might' because it's inherently unambiguous.

   The **Animation Frame Fired** event occurs whenever a [requestAnimationFrame() callback](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/window/requestAnimationFrame) is run.

> 1. Click the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  The **Summary** panel now shows you information about that event.  Note the **Reveal** link.  After you click it, DevTools highlights the event that initiated the **Animation Frame Fired** event.  Also, focus on the **app.js:96** link.  After you click it, the relevant line in the source code is displayed.

Reviewer: Possibly out of scope for this PR:
Unclear UI steps.  Are we directing user to click it?  If so, reformat/rewrite as standard separate action/result numbered steps.
I'd have to work through the rendered article to confirm that the steps need strengthening this way.

Author: For what it's worth, I went through these instructions with DevTools as I was revising the content, and this part made sense to me. This section is pointing out different places the developer might click to learn more information, though it may not always be necessary to do so, and is not necessary for the completion of this tutorial. I think it's OK to keep this section as is for now.

Reviewer: ok.  pls click the Resolve Con. button.  I don't have the button.

   ![More information about the Animation Frame Fired event.](../media/evaluate-performance-performance-animation-frame-fired.msft.png)

   After clicking an event, use the arrow keys to select the events next to it.

> 1. Under the **app.update** event, there's a bunch of purple events.  Each of those also displays a red triangle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under the **app.update** event, there's a bunch of purple events, and they each have a red triangle.
```
Acrolinx would flag "those" as needing a subject/noun.

<!--The foundation for understanding performance is the RAIL model.  The RAIL model teaches you the performance metrics that are most important to your users.
To learn more, see [Measure Performance With The RAIL Model](https://web.dev/rail/). -->

> To get more comfortable with the **Performance** tool, practice makes perfect.  Try profiling your pages and analyzing the results.  If you have any questions about your results, use the **Send Feedback** icon, press `Alt`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Option`+`Shift`+`I` (macOS), or [file an issue on the Edge DevTools GitHub repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/DevTools/issues).  Include screenshots or links to reproducible pages, if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get more comfortable with the **Performance** tool, practice makes perfect.  Try profiling your pages and analyzing the results.  If you have any questions about your results, use the **Send Feedback** icon, press `Alt`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Option`+`Shift`+`I` (macOS), or [file an issue on the MicrosoftEdge / DevTools repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/DevTools/issues).  Include screenshots or links to reproducible pages, if possible.
```
